Harsha test
Everywhere enterprise IT is headed, Red Hat® Enterprise Linux® is there. From the public cloud to the edge, it evolves to bring flexibility and reliability to new frontiers. This is the stable foundation for untold innovation.

Try it
 
Available on
AWS logoMicrosoft logoGoogle Cloud logoIBM logoOracle Cloud Infrastructure logo

The value of Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Red Hat Enterprise Linux is the world’s leading enterprise Linux platform,* certified on hundreds of clouds and with thousands of hardware and software vendors. Red Hat Enterprise Linux can be purchased to support specific use cases like edge computing or SAP workloads, but every subscription includes these core benefits:


This video can't play due to privacy settings

To change your settings, select the "Cookie Preferences" link in the footer and opt in to "Advertising Cookies."

Play the video
Supporting the infrastructure that supports us all. Video duration: 0:58

Features and benefits
Subscription benefits
Red Hat Enterprise Linux provides more than an operating system—it also connects you to Red Hat’s extensive hardware, software, and cloud partner ecosystem, and comes with 24x7 support. Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9.2 is our latest release, but with access to all supported versions and a 10 year life cycle, you can upgrade on your schedule and adopt new features when needed.

Why choose Red Hat Enterprise Linux?
Supported architectures
Red Hat Enterprise Linux can be optimized to run on servers or high-performance workstations, and supports a range of hardware architectures like x86, ARM, IBM Power, IBM Z, and IBM LinuxONE. Our deep collaboration with upstream communities and hardware partners makes this possible, bringing you a reliable platform for many use cases and a consistent application environment across physical, virtual, and cloud deployments.

Get the details
Automation and management
Get a consistent and stable administrative experience, allowing admins to spend more time on innovation—less time on repetitive, error-prone tasks. Red Hat Enterprise Linux includes Red Hat Insights, a managed service for analytics and remediation that delivers continuous vulnerability alerts and targeted guidance to help organizations maximize uptime and avoid emergencies. Plus, with the Red Hat Satellite add-on you can automate the remediation process.

Review Linux management capabilities
Install and migration tools
From your first steps installing, migrating, or upgrading Red Hat Enterprise Linux to eventually deploying across multiple clouds, we provide utilities to help. Our migration tools make it easy to get started if you’re coming from CentOS Linux or another distro, and you can create optimized operating system images with Red Hat Enterprise Linux image builder that can handle the details of cloud deployments when you’re ready.

See an example of our migration tools
Security and compliance
Simplify how your organization mitigates risk, automates security, and maintains compliance. Red Hat Enterprise Linux includes built-in security features like live kernel patching, security profiles, security standards certification, and a trusted software supply chain to help meet today’s high security and compliance expectations.

Keep reading about Red Hat Enterprise Linux security
Consistent performance
No matter what hardware or workloads you are running, our comprehensive performance monitoring, tracing, and analysis tools help you optimize your systems. Detect performance anomalies, build a comprehensive view of system performance, and apply best-practices through preset tuning profiles so you can get the most out of your investments.

Review performance tools
Worldwide Operating Systems and Subsystems Market Shares, 2018; released November 2019

Red Hat releases new versions of Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Get the reliability you know, wherever enterprise IT goes.

Read the 8.8 and 9.2 blog post
Use cases for any cloud, any workload
JUMP TO SECTION
Edge computing
Hybrid cloud
SAP workloads
SQL Server
Migrating from CentOS Linux
App development
High performance computing
Expand to the edge
Red Hat Enterprise Linux extends your hybrid cloud infrastructure to the edge, scaled across hundreds—or even hundreds of thousands—of nodes all over the world. Create edge-optimized OS images, minimize workload interruptions caused by OS updates, transfer system updates more efficiently, and have confidence in automatic health checks and rollbacks.

Why run our OS at the edge?

This video can't play due to privacy settings

To change your settings, select the "Cookie Preferences" link in the footer and opt in to "Advertising Cookies."

Play the video
Hybrid cloud starts with Linux
Red Hat Enterprise Linux enables you to deploy and run applications anywhere—from physical and virtual, to private and public clouds—by delivering the consistent operating foundation needed for modern IT and enterprise hybrid cloud deployments. Red Hat’s collaboration with major cloud providers like AWS, Microsoft Azure, and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI), means customers can support future-focused deployments on the solid foundation of Red Hat Enterprise Linux.

Learn how Red Hat Enterprise Linux simplifies hybrid cloud environments

This video can't play due to privacy settings

To change your settings, select the "Cookie Preferences" link in the footer and opt in to "Advertising Cookies."

Play the video
Migrate SAP workloads
Organizations that depend on SAP to manage their business need an operating system that delivers performance, reliability, and the ability to modernize and integrate their SAP and non-SAP applications. With Red Hat Enterprise Linux for SAP Solutions, organizations can meet these needs and comply with the quickly approaching SAP requirement to migrate their applications to SAP HANA and SAP S/4HANA by the 2027 deadline.

View Red Hat Enterprise Linux for SAP Solutions
Deliver SQL Server on Linux
Searching for a performance-driven, cost-effective platform for Microsoft SQL Server? Red Hat Enterprise Linux provides a scalable foundation and a consistent application experience across bare-metal, virtual machine, container, and hybrid cloud environments.

View SQL Server on Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Migrating from CentOS Linux
Please note: On June 30, 2024, CentOS Linux 7 will reach End of Life (EOL). Explore Red Hat’s options to help ease your migration, including Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 for Third Party Linux Migration. Find out more

Our Convert2RHEL tool streamlines the migration process by minimizing the need for costly redeployment projects and reduces administrative burden by maintaining existing OS customizations, configurations, and preferences during the conversion. You can also take advantage of the similar user experience with Red Hat Enterprise Linux and decrease the need for staff retraining.

Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 for Third Party Linux Migration is a new offering designed to assist users of CentOS Linux 7 to maintain business continuity after the EOL date. This competitively-priced offering includes a Red Hat Enterprise Linux subscription and tooling to convert in-place instances of CentOS Linux 7 to Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.

Learn about CentOS migration options

This video can't play due to privacy settings

To change your settings, select the "Cookie Preferences" link in the footer and opt in to "Advertising Cookies."

Play the video
Developing on Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Developers who join the Red Hat Developer program get access to Red Hat Enterprise Linux, how-to videos, demos, "get started" guides, documentation, and more. We offer a vast ecosystem to help you build and deploy apps in the cloud and our Universal Base Image (UBI) provides a solid and stable Red Hat Enterprise Linux userspace to streamline efforts as you expand into container development projects.

Learn more about the developer experience
Scale your HPC workloads with Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Your operating system plays a key role in determining how well your high performance computing (HPC) infrastructure operates and performs. It connects your hardware, software, networking, and interfaces to form a unified, orchestrated environment. Red Hat Enterprise Linux provides a flexible and reliable platform for running HPC workloads at scale across datacenter, cloud, and hybrid environments.

Keep reading about HPC for Red Hat Enterprise Linux
A shared technological foundation
Red Hat’s open hybrid cloud strategy is built on the technological foundation of Linux®, containers, and automation. An open hybrid cloud approach gives you the flexibility to run your applications anywhere you need them.

Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Every technology within your IT stack needs to work well together. Because those connections rely on the operating system, it has to be consistent, reliable, and flexible. Red Hat Enterprise Linux is the common link connecting modern IT.

How our customers use Red Hat Enterprise Linux
UPS
UPS logo

UPS created a container-based application platform that enables developers to more efficiently create new features for operations logistics and staffing.

 

 

Get the story
Lufthansa Technik
Lufthansa Technik logo

Lufthansa Technik used hybrid cloud infrastructure to build a digital platform that uses data to better organize and schedule airline maintenance.

 

 

Get the story
Tomago Aluminium
Tomago Aluminium logo

Tomago Aluminium improved development efficiency, consolidated its server footprint, and enhanced system and data security by migrating its SAP solution.

Get the story
If you’re looking for Linux, I don’t think that there’s a better-supported solution than RHEL.

John Lemay

Principal Systems Engineer

Read more user reviews
Training and certification
Training courses
Red Hat Enterprise Linux Technical Overview (RH024)
Red Hat Security: Linux in Physical, Virtual, and Cloud (RH415)
Learn more about Linux training
Certifications
Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA®)
Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE®)
See all certifications
Try our learning subscription
Get limited, self-service access to select labs and courses with a free 14-day trial of Red Hat Learning Subscription.

Learn for free
Talk to a Red Hatter
First name *
Last name *
Work email *
Work phone *
Company *
Department *

-- Please Select --
Job role *

-- Please Select --
Country *

-- Please Select --
Red Hat may use your personal data to inform you about its products, services, and events.

Notify me about products, services, and events.

Unsubscribe me from all marketing communications about Red Hat products, services, and events, including event invitations.
You can stop receiving marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link in each email or withdraw your consent at any time in the Preference Center. See Privacy Statement for details.
Red Hat logo
Products
Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Red Hat OpenShift
Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform
Cloud services
See all products
Tools
My account
Training and certification
Customer support
Developer resources
Learning community
Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog
Find a partner
Try, buy, & sell
Product trial center
Red Hat Marketplace
Red Hat Store
Buy online (Japan)
Console
Communicate
Contact sales
Contact customer service
Contact training
Social
About Red Hat
We’re the world’s leading provider of enterprise open source solutions—including Linux, cloud, container, and Kubernetes. We deliver hardened solutions that make it easier for enterprises to work across platforms and environments, from the core datacenter to the network edge.

Select a language
English
About Red Hat
Jobs
Events
Locations
Contact Red Hat
Red Hat Blog
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
Cool Stuff Store
Red Hat Summit
© 2023 Red Hat, Inc.
Privacy statement
Terms of use
All policies and guidelines
Digital accessibility
Cookie preferences

How we use cookies
We use cookies on our websites to deliver our online services. Details about how we use cookies and how you may disable them are set out in our Privacy Statement. By using this website you agree to our use of cookies.
Close
 
this is harsha /\n new to shell /\n hi everyone
this is new linie
ghfhjjkhjghfchut
